Symptom: 
When running the Cholesky benchmark, it keeps running forever without termination, and without triggering deadlock alarm (live lock scenario)

Observations:
In the live lock scenario, it runs infinitely number of instructions, and all requests are fulfilled without timeout
So, I suspect it's either a problem of (1) wrong instructions being fetched to the CPU, causing the infinite execution,
or (2) errors with updating memory data, which causes the execution being trapped in infinite looping

Also, in the live lock scenario, the Cholesky benchmark was executed with core0 (L0-0 and L1-0) only.
So, the live lock issue can actually be triggered by single-core execution.
Hence, we can exclude the possibility that it's due to forwarding / invalidations.

Debugging notes:
[Experiment 1] 
First, I tried to force L1 cache to fetch every line in M state, no matter it's for reading or writing.
Then, the live lock issue is gone. So, the live lock error is associated with lines in S state.

[Experiment 2] 
Second, I disabled the LLC, and tried to force L1 cache to write every S lines evicted from L1 cache to memory, no matter if it's dirty or not.
Then, the live lock issue is gone. So, the live lock error is associated with the writeback of lines in S state.

[Experiment 3]
Third, I disabled the LLC, and whenever a clean S line gets evicted from L1 cache, I fetched its copy from memory, and check if its data from memory == data in cache.
Then, in the 882nd execution of evicting clean S lines from L1, I detected a case where the memory data != cache data for a line supposed to be clean.
I checked the call tree in L1 and L0, and confirmed that the CPU didn't perform any Store() operation on that line, so it should be clean.
So, it's either (1) data of that line (supposed to be clean) had been modified by the cache in an unexpected way,
or (2) the cache holds the correct copy of the data of that line, but the memory copy of that line got corrupted for some reasons.
I tend to agree with (2), because forcing writing back all lines prevented the live lock in experiment 2.
